chore: add best practices section in docs (#2184)
numaproj/numaflow: docs/operations/best-practices/udf.md

# User Defined Functions

Few guidelines and tips to help with common use cases and FAQs for UDFs

## High latency operations in UDF

If running a user code which has very high latency or high processing time

1. Increase the `lookbackSeconds` for the autoscaling - This dictates how many seconds to look back for vertex average 
processing rate (tps) and pending messages calculation, defaults to `120`. In case of tasks taking longer than 
this duration, you need to increase`lookbackSeconds` so that the calculated average rate and pending messages won't 

> be 0 during the silent period. Refer [Autoscaling](https://numaflow.numaproj.io/user-guide/reference/autoscaling/) for more information  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be 0 during the silent period. Refer [Autoscaling](../../user-guide/reference/autoscaling.md) for more information  
```
